docs: initial accessibility section in each component page (#175)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/text-field.md

    element.icon = "tick";
});
```

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

> `ef-text-field` is assigned `role="textbox"`. States such as `disabled` or `read-only` are programmatically updated to match the element’s visual state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ef-text-field` is assigned `role="textbox"`. States such as `disabled` or `readonly` are programmatically updated to match the element’s visual state.
```
